# Reference

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: This document was generated by Puppet Strings -->

## Table of Contents

### Classes

* [`arc`](#arc): Manages tcl-devel package, libtcl symlink and /etc/rndrelease.

## Classes

### <a name="arc"></a>`arc`

This module requires that you have OpenAFS installed. It is intended to be used in cooperation with
puppet-module-afs. It is needed for modulecmd to work properly on all platforms.

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `arc` class:

* [`manage_rndrelease`](#-arc--manage_rndrelease)
* [`create_rndrelease`](#-arc--create_rndrelease)
* [`create_symlink`](#-arc--create_symlink)
* [`install_package`](#-arc--install_package)
* [`packages`](#-arc--packages)
* [`rndrelease_version`](#-arc--rndrelease_version)
* [`symlink_target`](#-arc--symlink_target)
* [`manage_arc_console_icon`](#-arc--manage_arc_console_icon)
* [`arc_console_icon`](#-arc--arc_console_icon)

##### <a name="-arc--manage_rndrelease"></a>`manage_rndrelease`

Data type: `Boolean`

Boolean to trigger management of /etc/rndrelease file.

Default value: `true`

##### <a name="-arc--create_rndrelease"></a>`create_rndrelease`

Data type: `Boolean`

Boolean to trigger creation of /etc/rndrelease file.

Default value: `true`

##### <a name="-arc--create_symlink"></a>`create_symlink`

Data type: `Boolean`

Boolean to trigger creation of libtcl symlink.

Default value: `true`

##### <a name="-arc--install_package"></a>`install_package`

Data type: `Boolean`

Boolean to trigger installation of packages.

Default value: `true`

##### <a name="-arc--packages"></a>`packages`

Data type: `Array`

Array with package names to be installed.

Default value: `[]`

##### <a name="-arc--rndrelease_version"></a>`rndrelease_version`

Data type: `Optional[String[1]]`

String containing the content for /etc/rndrelease.
If set to undef /etc/rndrelease will be deleted.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-arc--symlink_target"></a>`symlink_target`

Data type: `Optional[Stdlib::Absolutepath]`

Absolute path to the target of the libtcl symlink.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-arc--manage_arc_console_icon"></a>`manage_arc_console_icon`

Data type: `Boolean`

Boolean to trigger if arc_console.desktop should be managed.

Default value: `false`

##### <a name="-arc--arc_console_icon"></a>`arc_console_icon`

Data type: `Boolean`

Boolean to trigger creation (true) or deletion (false) of arc_console.desktop for the the arc_console.

Default value: `false`

